packages/google-cloud-compute/samples/README.md, before:

[//]: # "This README.md file is auto-generated, all changes to this file will be lost."
[//]: # "To regenerate it, use `python -m synthtool`."
<img src="https://avatars2.githubusercontent.com/u/2810941?v=3&s=96" alt="Google Cloud Platform logo" title="Google Cloud Platform" align="right" height="96" width="96"/>

# [Google Compute Engine: Node.js Samples](https://github.com/googleapis/nodejs-compute)

[![Open in Cloud Shell][shell_img]][shell_link]



## Table of Contents

* [Before you begin](#before-you-begin)
* [Samples](#samples)
  * [Create Instance](#create-instance)
  * [Create Instance From Template](#create-instance-from-template)
  * [Create Instance From Template With Overrides](#create-instance-from-template-with-overrides)
  * [Delete Instance](#delete-instance)
  * [Disable Usage Export](#disable-usage-export)
  * [Get Usage Export Bucket](#get-usage-export-bucket)
  * [List All Instances](#list-all-instances)
  * [List Images](#list-images)
  * [List Images By Page](#list-images-by-page)
  * [List Instances](#list-instances)
  * [Mailjet](#mailjet)
  * [Reset Instance](#reset-instance)
  * [Sendgrid](#sendgrid)
  * [Set Usage Export Bucket](#set-usage-export-bucket)
  * [Start Instance](#start-instance)
  * [Start Instance With Enc Key](#start-instance-with-enc-key)
  * [Stop Instance](#stop-instance)
  * [Wait For Operation](#wait-for-operation)

## Before you begin

Before running the samples, make sure you've followed the steps outlined in
[Using the client library](https://github.com/googleapis/nodejs-compute#using-the-client-library).

`cd samples`

`npm install`

`cd ..`

## Samples



### Create Instance

View the [source code](https://github.com/googleapis/nodejs-compute/blob/main/samples/createInstance.js).

[![Open in Cloud Shell][shell_img]](https://console.cloud.google.com/cloudshell/open?git_repo=https://github.com/googleapis/nodejs-compute&page=editor&open_in_editor=samples/createInstance.js,samples/README.md)

__Usage:__


`node samples/createInstance.js`


-----




### Create Instance From Template

View the [source code](https://github.com/googleapis/nodejs-compute/blob/main/samples/createInstanceFromTemplate.js).

[![Open in Cloud Shell][shell_img]](https://console.cloud.google.com/cloudshell/open?git_repo=https://github.com/googleapis/nodejs-compute&page=editor&open_in_editor=samples/createInstanceFromTemplate.js,samples/README.md)

__Usage:__


`node samples/createInstanceFromTemplate.js`


-----




### Create Instance From Template With Overrides

View the [source code](https://github.com/googleapis/nodejs-compute/blob/main/samples/createInstanceFromTemplateWithOverrides.js).

[![Open in Cloud Shell][shell_img]](https://console.cloud.google.com/cloudshell/open?git_repo=https://github.com/googleapis/nodejs-compute&page=editor&open_in_editor=samples/createInstanceFromTemplateWithOverrides.js,samples/README.md)

__Usage:__


`node samples/createInstanceFromTemplateWithOverrides.js`


-----




### Delete Instance

View the [source code](https://github.com/googleapis/nodejs-compute/blob/main/samples/deleteInstance.js).

[![Open in Cloud Shell][shell_img]](https://console.cloud.google.com/cloudshell/open?git_repo=https://github.com/googleapis/nodejs-compute&page=editor&open_in_editor=samples/deleteInstance.js,samples/README.md)

__Usage:__


`node samples/deleteInstance.js`


-----




### Disable Usage Export

View the [source code](https://github.com/googleapis/nodejs-compute/blob/main/samples/disableUsageExport.js).

[![Open in Cloud Shell][shell_img]](https://console.cloud.google.com/cloudshell/open?git_repo=https://github.com/googleapis/nodejs-compute&page=editor&open_in_editor=samples/disableUsageExport.js,samples/README.md)

__Usage:__


`node samples/disableUsageExport.js`


-----




### Get Usage Export Bucket

View the [source code](https://github.com/googleapis/nodejs-compute/blob/main/samples/getUsageExportBucket.js).

[![Open in Cloud Shell][shell_img]](https://console.cloud.google.com/cloudshell/open?git_repo=https://github.com/googleapis/nodejs-compute&page=editor&open_in_editor=samples/getUsageExportBucket.js,samples/README.md)

__Usage:__


`node samples/getUsageExportBucket.js`


-----




### List All Instances

View the [source code](https://github.com/googleapis/nodejs-compute/blob/main/samples/listAllInstances.js).

[![Open in Cloud Shell][shell_img]](https://console.cloud.google.com/cloudshell/open?git_repo=https://github.com/googleapis/nodejs-compute&page=editor&open_in_editor=samples/listAllInstances.js,samples/README.md)

__Usage:__


`node samples/listAllInstances.js`


-----




### List Images

View the [source code](https://github.com/googleapis/nodejs-compute/blob/main/samples/listImages.js).

[![Open in Cloud Shell][shell_img]](https://console.cloud.google.com/cloudshell/open?git_repo=https://github.com/googleapis/nodejs-compute&page=editor&open_in_editor=samples/listImages.js,samples/README.md)

__Usage:__


`node samples/listImages.js`


-----




### List Images By Page

View the [source code](https://github.com/googleapis/nodejs-compute/blob/main/samples/listImagesByPage.js).

[![Open in Cloud Shell][shell_img]](https://console.cloud.google.com/cloudshell/open?git_repo=https://github.com/googleapis/nodejs-compute&page=editor&open_in_editor=samples/listImagesByPage.js,samples/README.md)

__Usage:__


`node samples/listImagesByPage.js`


-----




### List Instances

View the [source code](https://github.com/googleapis/nodejs-compute/blob/main/samples/listInstances.js).

[![Open in Cloud Shell][shell_img]](https://console.cloud.google.com/cloudshell/open?git_repo=https://github.com/googleapis/nodejs-compute&page=editor&open_in_editor=samples/listInstances.js,samples/README.md)

__Usage:__


`node samples/listInstances.js`


-----




### Mailjet

View the [source code](https://github.com/googleapis/nodejs-compute/blob/main/samples/mailjet.js).

[![Open in Cloud Shell][shell_img]](https://console.cloud.google.com/cloudshell/open?git_repo=https://github.com/googleapis/nodejs-compute&page=editor&open_in_editor=samples/mailjet.js,samples/README.md)

__Usage:__


`node mailjet`


-----




### Reset Instance

View the [source code](https://github.com/googleapis/nodejs-compute/blob/main/samples/resetInstance.js).

[![Open in Cloud Shell][shell_img]](https://console.cloud.google.com/cloudshell/open?git_repo=https://github.com/googleapis/nodejs-compute&page=editor&open_in_editor=samples/resetInstance.js,samples/README.md)

__Usage:__


`node samples/resetInstance.js`


-----




### Sendgrid

View the [source code](https://github.com/googleapis/nodejs-compute/blob/main/samples/sendgrid.js).

[![Open in Cloud Shell][shell_img]](https://console.cloud.google.com/cloudshell/open?git_repo=https://github.com/googleapis/nodejs-compute&page=editor&open_in_editor=samples/sendgrid.js,samples/README.md)

__Usage:__


`node samples/sendgrid.js`


-----




### Set Usage Export Bucket

View the [source code](https://github.com/googleapis/nodejs-compute/blob/main/samples/setUsageExportBucket.js).

[![Open in Cloud Shell][shell_img]](https://console.cloud.google.com/cloudshell/open?git_repo=https://github.com/googleapis/nodejs-compute&page=editor&open_in_editor=samples/setUsageExportBucket.js,samples/README.md)

__Usage:__


`node samples/setUsageExportBucket.js`


-----




### Start Instance

View the [source code](https://github.com/googleapis/nodejs-compute/blob/main/samples/startInstance.js).

[![Open in Cloud Shell][shell_img]](https://console.cloud.google.com/cloudshell/open?git_repo=https://github.com/googleapis/nodejs-compute&page=editor&open_in_editor=samples/startInstance.js,samples/README.md)

__Usage:__


`node samples/startInstance.js`


-----




### Start Instance With Enc Key

View the [source code](https://github.com/googleapis/nodejs-compute/blob/main/samples/startInstanceWithEncKey.js).

[![Open in Cloud Shell][shell_img]](https://console.cloud.google.com/cloudshell/open?git_repo=https://github.com/googleapis/nodejs-compute&page=editor&open_in_editor=samples/startInstanceWithEncKey.js,samples/README.md)

__Usage:__


`node samples/startInstanceWithEncKey.js`


-----




### Stop Instance

View the [source code](https://github.com/googleapis/nodejs-compute/blob/main/samples/stopInstance.js).

[![Open in Cloud Shell][shell_img]](https://console.cloud.google.com/cloudshell/open?git_repo=https://github.com/googleapis/nodejs-compute&page=editor&open_in_editor=samples/stopInstance.js,samples/README.md)

__Usage:__


`node samples/stopInstance.js`


-----




### Wait For Operation

View the [source code](https://github.com/googleapis/nodejs-compute/blob/main/samples/waitForOperation.js).

[![Open in Cloud Shell][shell_img]](https://console.cloud.google.com/cloudshell/open?git_repo=https://github.com/googleapis/nodejs-compute&page=editor&open_in_editor=samples/waitForOperation.js,samples/README.md)

__Usage:__


`node samples/waitForOperation.js`






[shell_img]: https://gstatic.com/cloudssh/images/open-btn.png
[shell_link]: https://console.cloud.google.com/cloudshell/open?git_repo=https://github.com/googleapis/nodejs-compute&page=editor&open_in_editor=samples/README.md
[product-docs]: https://cloud.google.com/compute

Commit message:

fix(docs): Add note in README mentioning tech discontinuity with previous version (#690)
See https://github.com/googleapis/repo-automation-bots/blob/main/packages/owl-bot/README.md
See https://github.com/googleapis/repo-automation-bots/blob/main/packages/owl-bot/README.md
Co-authored-by: Benjamin E. Coe <bencoe@google.com>
Co-authored-by: Owl Bot <gcf-owl-bot[bot]@users.noreply.github.com>

packages/google-cloud-compute/samples/README.md, after:

[//]: # "This README.md file is auto-generated, all changes to this file will be lost."
[//]: # "To regenerate it, use `python -m synthtool`."
<img src="https://avatars2.githubusercontent.com/u/2810941?v=3&s=96" alt="Google Cloud Platform logo" title="Google Cloud Platform" align="right" height="96" width="96"/>

# [Google Compute Engine: Node.js Samples](https://github.com/googleapis/nodejs-compute)

[![Open in Cloud Shell][shell_img]][shell_link]

> Node.js idiomatic client for [Compute Engine][product-docs].
[Compute Engine](https://cloud.google.com/compute/docs) is a
computing and hosting service that lets you create and run virtual
machines on Google infrastructure. Compute Engine offers scale,
performance, and value that lets you easily launch large compute
clusters on Google's infrastructure. There are no upfront
investments, and you can run thousands of virtual CPUs on a system
that offers quick, consistent performance.

This library is GA from version 3.1.0. It is
backwards-incompatible with prior versions 0.x.y, 1.x.y, 2.x.y,
and 3.0.y.

## Table of Contents

* [Before you begin](#before-you-begin)
* [Samples](#samples)
  * [Create Instance](#create-instance)
  * [Create Instance From Template](#create-instance-from-template)
  * [Create Instance From Template With Overrides](#create-instance-from-template-with-overrides)
  * [Delete Instance](#delete-instance)
  * [Disable Usage Export](#disable-usage-export)
  * [Get Usage Export Bucket](#get-usage-export-bucket)
  * [List All Instances](#list-all-instances)
  * [List Images](#list-images)
  * [List Images By Page](#list-images-by-page)
  * [List Instances](#list-instances)
  * [Mailjet](#mailjet)
  * [Reset Instance](#reset-instance)
  * [Sendgrid](#sendgrid)
  * [Set Usage Export Bucket](#set-usage-export-bucket)
  * [Start Instance](#start-instance)
  * [Start Instance With Enc Key](#start-instance-with-enc-key)
  * [Stop Instance](#stop-instance)
  * [Wait For Operation](#wait-for-operation)

## Before you begin

Before running the samples, make sure you've followed the steps outlined in
[Using the client library](https://github.com/googleapis/nodejs-compute#using-the-client-library).

`cd samples`

`npm install`

`cd ..`

## Samples



### Create Instance

View the [source code](https://github.com/googleapis/nodejs-compute/blob/main/samples/createInstance.js).

[![Open in Cloud Shell][shell_img]](https://console.cloud.google.com/cloudshell/open?git_repo=https://github.com/googleapis/nodejs-compute&page=editor&open_in_editor=samples/createInstance.js,samples/README.md)

__Usage:__


`node samples/createInstance.js`


-----




### Create Instance From Template

View the [source code](https://github.com/googleapis/nodejs-compute/blob/main/samples/createInstanceFromTemplate.js).

[![Open in Cloud Shell][shell_img]](https://console.cloud.google.com/cloudshell/open?git_repo=https://github.com/googleapis/nodejs-compute&page=editor&open_in_editor=samples/createInstanceFromTemplate.js,samples/README.md)

__Usage:__


`node samples/createInstanceFromTemplate.js`


-----




### Create Instance From Template With Overrides

View the [source code](https://github.com/googleapis/nodejs-compute/blob/main/samples/createInstanceFromTemplateWithOverrides.js).

[![Open in Cloud Shell][shell_img]](https://console.cloud.google.com/cloudshell/open?git_repo=https://github.com/googleapis/nodejs-compute&page=editor&open_in_editor=samples/createInstanceFromTemplateWithOverrides.js,samples/README.md)

__Usage:__


`node samples/createInstanceFromTemplateWithOverrides.js`


-----




### Delete Instance

View the [source code](https://github.com/googleapis/nodejs-compute/blob/main/samples/deleteInstance.js).

[![Open in Cloud Shell][shell_img]](https://console.cloud.google.com/cloudshell/open?git_repo=https://github.com/googleapis/nodejs-compute&page=editor&open_in_editor=samples/deleteInstance.js,samples/README.md)

__Usage:__


`node samples/deleteInstance.js`


-----




### Disable Usage Export

View the [source code](https://github.com/googleapis/nodejs-compute/blob/main/samples/disableUsageExport.js).

[![Open in Cloud Shell][shell_img]](https://console.cloud.google.com/cloudshell/open?git_repo=https://github.com/googleapis/nodejs-compute&page=editor&open_in_editor=samples/disableUsageExport.js,samples/README.md)

__Usage:__


`node samples/disableUsageExport.js`


-----




### Get Usage Export Bucket

View the [source code](https://github.com/googleapis/nodejs-compute/blob/main/samples/getUsageExportBucket.js).

[![Open in Cloud Shell][shell_img]](https://console.cloud.google.com/cloudshell/open?git_repo=https://github.com/googleapis/nodejs-compute&page=editor&open_in_editor=samples/getUsageExportBucket.js,samples/README.md)

__Usage:__


`node samples/getUsageExportBucket.js`


-----




### List All Instances

View the [source code](https://github.com/googleapis/nodejs-compute/blob/main/samples/listAllInstances.js).

[![Open in Cloud Shell][shell_img]](https://console.cloud.google.com/cloudshell/open?git_repo=https://github.com/googleapis/nodejs-compute&page=editor&open_in_editor=samples/listAllInstances.js,samples/README.md)

__Usage:__


`node samples/listAllInstances.js`


-----




### List Images

View the [source code](https://github.com/googleapis/nodejs-compute/blob/main/samples/listImages.js).

[![Open in Cloud Shell][shell_img]](https://console.cloud.google.com/cloudshell/open?git_repo=https://github.com/googleapis/nodejs-compute&page=editor&open_in_editor=samples/listImages.js,samples/README.md)

__Usage:__


`node samples/listImages.js`


-----




### List Images By Page

View the [source code](https://github.com/googleapis/nodejs-compute/blob/main/samples/listImagesByPage.js).

[![Open in Cloud Shell][shell_img]](https://console.cloud.google.com/cloudshell/open?git_repo=https://github.com/googleapis/nodejs-compute&page=editor&open_in_editor=samples/listImagesByPage.js,samples/README.md)

__Usage:__


`node samples/listImagesByPage.js`


-----




### List Instances

View the [source code](https://github.com/googleapis/nodejs-compute/blob/main/samples/listInstances.js).

[![Open in Cloud Shell][shell_img]](https://console.cloud.google.com/cloudshell/open?git_repo=https://github.com/googleapis/nodejs-compute&page=editor&open_in_editor=samples/listInstances.js,samples/README.md)

__Usage:__


`node samples/listInstances.js`


-----




### Mailjet

View the [source code](https://github.com/googleapis/nodejs-compute/blob/main/samples/mailjet.js).

[![Open in Cloud Shell][shell_img]](https://console.cloud.google.com/cloudshell/open?git_repo=https://github.com/googleapis/nodejs-compute&page=editor&open_in_editor=samples/mailjet.js,samples/README.md)

__Usage:__


`node mailjet`


-----




### Reset Instance

View the [source code](https://github.com/googleapis/nodejs-compute/blob/main/samples/resetInstance.js).

[![Open in Cloud Shell][shell_img]](https://console.cloud.google.com/cloudshell/open?git_repo=https://github.com/googleapis/nodejs-compute&page=editor&open_in_editor=samples/resetInstance.js,samples/README.md)

__Usage:__


`node samples/resetInstance.js`


-----




### Sendgrid

View the [source code](https://github.com/googleapis/nodejs-compute/blob/main/samples/sendgrid.js).

[![Open in Cloud Shell][shell_img]](https://console.cloud.google.com/cloudshell/open?git_repo=https://github.com/googleapis/nodejs-compute&page=editor&open_in_editor=samples/sendgrid.js,samples/README.md)

__Usage:__


`node samples/sendgrid.js`


-----




### Set Usage Export Bucket

View the [source code](https://github.com/googleapis/nodejs-compute/blob/main/samples/setUsageExportBucket.js).

[![Open in Cloud Shell][shell_img]](https://console.cloud.google.com/cloudshell/open?git_repo=https://github.com/googleapis/nodejs-compute&page=editor&open_in_editor=samples/setUsageExportBucket.js,samples/README.md)

__Usage:__


`node samples/setUsageExportBucket.js`


-----




### Start Instance

View the [source code](https://github.com/googleapis/nodejs-compute/blob/main/samples/startInstance.js).

[![Open in Cloud Shell][shell_img]](https://console.cloud.google.com/cloudshell/open?git_repo=https://github.com/googleapis/nodejs-compute&page=editor&open_in_editor=samples/startInstance.js,samples/README.md)

__Usage:__


`node samples/startInstance.js`


-----




### Start Instance With Enc Key

View the [source code](https://github.com/googleapis/nodejs-compute/blob/main/samples/startInstanceWithEncKey.js).

[![Open in Cloud Shell][shell_img]](https://console.cloud.google.com/cloudshell/open?git_repo=https://github.com/googleapis/nodejs-compute&page=editor&open_in_editor=samples/startInstanceWithEncKey.js,samples/README.md)

__Usage:__


`node samples/startInstanceWithEncKey.js`


-----




### Stop Instance

View the [source code](https://github.com/googleapis/nodejs-compute/blob/main/samples/stopInstance.js).

[![Open in Cloud Shell][shell_img]](https://console.cloud.google.com/cloudshell/open?git_repo=https://github.com/googleapis/nodejs-compute&page=editor&open_in_editor=samples/stopInstance.js,samples/README.md)

__Usage:__


`node samples/stopInstance.js`


-----




### Wait For Operation

View the [source code](https://github.com/googleapis/nodejs-compute/blob/main/samples/waitForOperation.js).

[![Open in Cloud Shell][shell_img]](https://console.cloud.google.com/cloudshell/open?git_repo=https://github.com/googleapis/nodejs-compute&page=editor&open_in_editor=samples/waitForOperation.js,samples/README.md)

__Usage:__


`node samples/waitForOperation.js`






[shell_img]: https://gstatic.com/cloudssh/images/open-btn.png
[shell_link]: https://console.cloud.google.com/cloudshell/open?git_repo=https://github.com/googleapis/nodejs-compute&page=editor&open_in_editor=samples/README.md
[product-docs]: https://cloud.google.com/compute
