packages/google-cloud-dialogflow/README.md, before:

<img src="https://avatars2.githubusercontent.com/u/2810941?v=3&s=96" alt="Google Cloud Platform logo" title="Google Cloud Platform" align="right" height="96" width="96"/>

# [Dialogflow: Node.js Client](https://github.com/dialogflow/dialogflow-nodejs-client-v2)

[![release level](https://img.shields.io/badge/release%20level-beta-yellow.svg?style&#x3D;flat)](https://cloud.google.com/terms/launch-stages)
[![CircleCI](https://img.shields.io/circleci/project/github/dialogflow/dialogflow-nodejs-client-v2.svg?style=flat)](https://circleci.com/gh/dialogflow/dialogflow-nodejs-client-v2)
[![AppVeyor](https://ci.appveyor.com/api/projects/status/github/dialogflow/dialogflow-nodejs-client-v2?branch=master&svg=true)](https://ci.appveyor.com/project/dialogflow/dialogflow-nodejs-client-v2)
[![codecov](https://img.shields.io/codecov/c/github/dialogflow/dialogflow-nodejs-client-v2/master.svg?style=flat)](https://codecov.io/gh/dialogflow/dialogflow-nodejs-client-v2)

> Node.js idiomatic client for [Dialogflow][product-docs].

[Dialogflow](https://dialogflow.com/docs/reference/v2-agent-setup) is an enterprise-grade NLU platform that makes it easy for developers to design and integrate conversational user interfaces into mobile apps, web applications, devices, and bots.


* [Dialogflow Node.js Client API Reference][client-docs]
* [github.com/dialogflow/dialogflow-nodejs-client-v2](https://github.com/dialogflow/dialogflow-nodejs-client-v2)
* [Dialogflow Documentation][product-docs]

Read more about the client libraries for Cloud APIs, including the older
Google APIs Client Libraries, in [Client Libraries Explained][explained].

[explained]: https://cloud.google.com/apis/docs/client-libraries-explained

**Table of contents:**

* [Quickstart](#quickstart)
  * [Before you begin](#before-you-begin)
  * [Installing the client library](#installing-the-client-library)
  * [Using the client library](#using-the-client-library)
* [Samples](#samples)
* [Versioning](#versioning)
* [Contributing](#contributing)
* [License](#license)

## Quickstart

### Before you begin

1.  Select or create a Cloud Platform project.

    [Go to the projects page][projects]

1.  Enable billing for your project.

    [Enable billing][billing]

1.  Enable the Dialogflow API.

    [Enable the API][enable_api]

1.  [Set up authentication with a service account][auth] so you can access the
    API from your local workstation.

[projects]: https://console.cloud.google.com/project
[billing]: https://support.google.com/cloud/answer/6293499#enable-billing
[enable_api]: https://console.cloud.google.com/flows/enableapi?apiid=dialogflow.googleapis.com
[auth]: https://cloud.google.com/docs/authentication/getting-started

### Installing the client library

    npm install --save dialogflow

### Using the client library

```javascript
// You can find your project ID in your Dialogflow agent settings
const projectId = 'ENTER_PROJECT_ID_HERE'; //https://dialogflow.com/docs/agents#settings
const sessionId = 'quickstart-session-id';
const query = 'hello';
const languageCode = 'en-US';

// Instantiate a DialogFlow client.
const dialogflow = require('dialogflow');
const sessionClient = new dialogflow.SessionsClient();

// Define session path
const sessionPath = sessionClient.sessionPath(projectId, sessionId);

// The text query request.
const request = {
  session: sessionPath,
  queryInput: {
    text: {
      text: query,
      languageCode: languageCode,
    },
  },
};

// Send request and log result
sessionClient
  .detectIntent(request)
  .then(responses => {
    console.log('Detected intent');
    const result = responses[0].queryResult;
    console.log(`  Query: ${result.queryText}`);
    console.log(`  Response: ${result.fulfillmentText}`);
    if (result.intent) {
      console.log(`  Intent: ${result.intent.displayName}`);
    } else {
      console.log(`  No intent matched.`);
    }
  })
  .catch(err => {
    console.error('ERROR:', err);
  });
```

## Samples

Samples are in the [`samples/`](https://github.com/dialogflow/dialogflow-nodejs-client-v2/tree/master/samples) directory. The samples' `README.md`
has instructions for running the samples.

| Sample                      | Source Code                       | Try it |
| --------------------------- | --------------------------------- | ------ |
| Detect Intent (Text) | [source code](https://github.com/dialogflow/dialogflow-nodejs-client-v2/blob/master/samples/detect.js) | [![Open in Cloud Shell][shell_img]](https://console.cloud.google.com/cloudshell/open?git_repo=https://github.com/dialogflow/dialogflow-nodejs-client-v2&page=editor&open_in_editor=samples/detect.js,samples/README.md) |
| Detect Intent (Audio) | [source code](https://github.com/dialogflow/dialogflow-nodejs-client-v2/blob/master/samples/detect.js) | [![Open in Cloud Shell][shell_img]](https://console.cloud.google.com/cloudshell/open?git_repo=https://github.com/dialogflow/dialogflow-nodejs-client-v2&page=editor&open_in_editor=samples/detect.js,samples/README.md) |
| Detect Intent (Streaming) | [source code](https://github.com/dialogflow/dialogflow-nodejs-client-v2/blob/master/samples/detect.js) | [![Open in Cloud Shell][shell_img]](https://console.cloud.google.com/cloudshell/open?git_repo=https://github.com/dialogflow/dialogflow-nodejs-client-v2&page=editor&open_in_editor=samples/detect.js,samples/README.md) |
| Create Entity | [source code](https://github.com/dialogflow/dialogflow-nodejs-client-v2/blob/master/samples/resource.js) | [![Open in Cloud Shell][shell_img]](https://console.cloud.google.com/cloudshell/open?git_repo=https://github.com/dialogflow/dialogflow-nodejs-client-v2&page=editor&open_in_editor=samples/resource.js,samples/README.md) |
| Delete Entity | [source code](https://github.com/dialogflow/dialogflow-nodejs-client-v2/blob/master/samples/resource.js) | [![Open in Cloud Shell][shell_img]](https://console.cloud.google.com/cloudshell/open?git_repo=https://github.com/dialogflow/dialogflow-nodejs-client-v2&page=editor&open_in_editor=samples/resource.js,samples/README.md) |
| Create Intent | [source code](https://github.com/dialogflow/dialogflow-nodejs-client-v2/blob/master/samples/resource.js) | [![Open in Cloud Shell][shell_img]](https://console.cloud.google.com/cloudshell/open?git_repo=https://github.com/dialogflow/dialogflow-nodejs-client-v2&page=editor&open_in_editor=samples/resource.js,samples/README.md) |
| Delete Intent | [source code](https://github.com/dialogflow/dialogflow-nodejs-client-v2/blob/master/samples/resource.js) | [![Open in Cloud Shell][shell_img]](https://console.cloud.google.com/cloudshell/open?git_repo=https://github.com/dialogflow/dialogflow-nodejs-client-v2&page=editor&open_in_editor=samples/resource.js,samples/README.md) |
| Create Context | [source code](https://github.com/dialogflow/dialogflow-nodejs-client-v2/blob/master/samples/resource.js) | [![Open in Cloud Shell][shell_img]](https://console.cloud.google.com/cloudshell/open?git_repo=https://github.com/dialogflow/dialogflow-nodejs-client-v2&page=editor&open_in_editor=samples/resource.js,samples/README.md) |
| Delete Context | [source code](https://github.com/dialogflow/dialogflow-nodejs-client-v2/blob/master/samples/resource.js) | [![Open in Cloud Shell][shell_img]](https://console.cloud.google.com/cloudshell/open?git_repo=https://github.com/dialogflow/dialogflow-nodejs-client-v2&page=editor&open_in_editor=samples/resource.js,samples/README.md) |
| Create Session Entity Type | [source code](https://github.com/dialogflow/dialogflow-nodejs-client-v2/blob/master/samples/resource.js) | [![Open in Cloud Shell][shell_img]](https://console.cloud.google.com/cloudshell/open?git_repo=https://github.com/dialogflow/dialogflow-nodejs-client-v2&page=editor&open_in_editor=samples/resource.js,samples/README.md) |
| Delete Session Entity Type | [source code](https://github.com/dialogflow/dialogflow-nodejs-client-v2/blob/master/samples/resource.js) | [![Open in Cloud Shell][shell_img]](https://console.cloud.google.com/cloudshell/open?git_repo=https://github.com/dialogflow/dialogflow-nodejs-client-v2&page=editor&open_in_editor=samples/resource.js,samples/README.md) |

The [Dialogflow Node.js Client API Reference][client-docs] documentation
also contains samples.

## Versioning

This library follows [Semantic Versioning](http://semver.org/).

This library is considered to be in **beta**. This means it is expected to be
mostly stable while we work toward a general availability release; however,
complete stability is not guaranteed. We will address issues and requests
against beta libraries with a high priority.

More Information: [Google Cloud Platform Launch Stages][launch_stages]

[launch_stages]: https://cloud.google.com/terms/launch-stages

## Contributing

Contributions welcome! See the [Contributing Guide](https://github.com/dialogflow/dialogflow-nodejs-client-v2/blob/master/.github/CONTRIBUTING.md).

## License

Apache Version 2.0

See [LICENSE](https://github.com/dialogflow/dialogflow-nodejs-client-v2/blob/master/LICENSE)

[client-docs]: https://dialogflow.com/docs/reference/api-v2/rpc/
[product-docs]: https://dialogflow.com/docs/reference/api-v2/rpc/
[shell_img]: //gstatic.com/cloudssh/images/open-btn.png

Commit message:

Regenerate GAPIC for V1 and V2Beta1 using synth.py (#110)

packages/google-cloud-dialogflow/README.md, after:

[//]: # "This README.md file is auto-generated, all changes to this file will be lost."
[//]: # "To regenerate it, use `npm run generate-scaffolding`."
<img src="https://avatars2.githubusercontent.com/u/2810941?v=3&s=96" alt="Google Cloud Platform logo" title="Google Cloud Platform" align="right" height="96" width="96"/>

# [Dialogflow: Node.js Client](https://github.com/dialogflow/dialogflow-nodejs-client-v2)

[![release level](https://img.shields.io/badge/release%20level-beta-yellow.svg?style&#x3D;flat)](https://cloud.google.com/terms/launch-stages)
[![CircleCI](https://img.shields.io/circleci/project/github/dialogflow/dialogflow-nodejs-client-v2.svg?style=flat)](https://circleci.com/gh/dialogflow/dialogflow-nodejs-client-v2)
[![AppVeyor](https://ci.appveyor.com/api/projects/status/github/dialogflow/dialogflow-nodejs-client-v2?branch=master&svg=true)](https://ci.appveyor.com/project/dialogflow/dialogflow-nodejs-client-v2)
[![codecov](https://img.shields.io/codecov/c/github/dialogflow/dialogflow-nodejs-client-v2/master.svg?style=flat)](https://codecov.io/gh/dialogflow/dialogflow-nodejs-client-v2)

> Node.js idiomatic client for [Dialogflow][product-docs].

[Dialogflow](https://dialogflow.com/docs/reference/v2-agent-setup) is an enterprise-grade NLU platform that makes it easy for developers to design and integrate conversational user interfaces into mobile apps, web applications, devices, and bots.


* [Dialogflow Node.js Client API Reference][client-docs]
* [github.com/dialogflow/dialogflow-nodejs-client-v2](https://github.com/dialogflow/dialogflow-nodejs-client-v2)
* [Dialogflow Documentation][product-docs]

Read more about the client libraries for Cloud APIs, including the older
Google APIs Client Libraries, in [Client Libraries Explained][explained].

[explained]: https://cloud.google.com/apis/docs/client-libraries-explained

**Table of contents:**

* [Quickstart](#quickstart)
  * [Before you begin](#before-you-begin)
  * [Installing the client library](#installing-the-client-library)
  * [Using the client library](#using-the-client-library)
* [Samples](#samples)
* [Versioning](#versioning)
* [Contributing](#contributing)
* [License](#license)

## Quickstart

### Before you begin

1.  Select or create a Cloud Platform project.

    [Go to the projects page][projects]

1.  Enable billing for your project.

    [Enable billing][billing]

1.  Enable the Dialogflow API.

    [Enable the API][enable_api]

1.  [Set up authentication with a service account][auth] so you can access the
    API from your local workstation.

[projects]: https://console.cloud.google.com/project
[billing]: https://support.google.com/cloud/answer/6293499#enable-billing
[enable_api]: https://console.cloud.google.com/flows/enableapi?apiid=dialogflow.googleapis.com
[auth]: https://cloud.google.com/docs/authentication/getting-started

### Installing the client library

    npm install --save dialogflow

### Using the client library

```javascript
// You can find your project ID in your Dialogflow agent settings
const projectId = 'ENTER_PROJECT_ID_HERE'; //https://dialogflow.com/docs/agents#settings
const sessionId = 'quickstart-session-id';
const query = 'hello';
const languageCode = 'en-US';

// Instantiate a DialogFlow client.
const dialogflow = require('dialogflow');
const sessionClient = new dialogflow.SessionsClient();

// Define session path
const sessionPath = sessionClient.sessionPath(projectId, sessionId);

// The text query request.
const request = {
  session: sessionPath,
  queryInput: {
    text: {
      text: query,
      languageCode: languageCode,
    },
  },
};

// Send request and log result
sessionClient
  .detectIntent(request)
  .then(responses => {
    console.log('Detected intent');
    const result = responses[0].queryResult;
    console.log(`  Query: ${result.queryText}`);
    console.log(`  Response: ${result.fulfillmentText}`);
    if (result.intent) {
      console.log(`  Intent: ${result.intent.displayName}`);
    } else {
      console.log(`  No intent matched.`);
    }
  })
  .catch(err => {
    console.error('ERROR:', err);
  });
```

## Samples

Samples are in the [`samples/`](https://github.com/dialogflow/dialogflow-nodejs-client-v2/tree/master/samples) directory. The samples' `README.md`
has instructions for running the samples.

| Sample                      | Source Code                       | Try it |
| --------------------------- | --------------------------------- | ------ |
| Detect Intent (Text) | [source code](https://github.com/dialogflow/dialogflow-nodejs-client-v2/blob/master/samples/detect.js) | [![Open in Cloud Shell][shell_img]](https://console.cloud.google.com/cloudshell/open?git_repo=https://github.com/dialogflow/dialogflow-nodejs-client-v2&page=editor&open_in_editor=samples/detect.js,samples/README.md) |
| Detect Intent (Audio) | [source code](https://github.com/dialogflow/dialogflow-nodejs-client-v2/blob/master/samples/detect.js) | [![Open in Cloud Shell][shell_img]](https://console.cloud.google.com/cloudshell/open?git_repo=https://github.com/dialogflow/dialogflow-nodejs-client-v2&page=editor&open_in_editor=samples/detect.js,samples/README.md) |
| Detect Intent (Streaming) | [source code](https://github.com/dialogflow/dialogflow-nodejs-client-v2/blob/master/samples/detect.js) | [![Open in Cloud Shell][shell_img]](https://console.cloud.google.com/cloudshell/open?git_repo=https://github.com/dialogflow/dialogflow-nodejs-client-v2&page=editor&open_in_editor=samples/detect.js,samples/README.md) |
| Create Entity | [source code](https://github.com/dialogflow/dialogflow-nodejs-client-v2/blob/master/samples/resource.js) | [![Open in Cloud Shell][shell_img]](https://console.cloud.google.com/cloudshell/open?git_repo=https://github.com/dialogflow/dialogflow-nodejs-client-v2&page=editor&open_in_editor=samples/resource.js,samples/README.md) |
| Delete Entity | [source code](https://github.com/dialogflow/dialogflow-nodejs-client-v2/blob/master/samples/resource.js) | [![Open in Cloud Shell][shell_img]](https://console.cloud.google.com/cloudshell/open?git_repo=https://github.com/dialogflow/dialogflow-nodejs-client-v2&page=editor&open_in_editor=samples/resource.js,samples/README.md) |
| Create Intent | [source code](https://github.com/dialogflow/dialogflow-nodejs-client-v2/blob/master/samples/resource.js) | [![Open in Cloud Shell][shell_img]](https://console.cloud.google.com/cloudshell/open?git_repo=https://github.com/dialogflow/dialogflow-nodejs-client-v2&page=editor&open_in_editor=samples/resource.js,samples/README.md) |
| Delete Intent | [source code](https://github.com/dialogflow/dialogflow-nodejs-client-v2/blob/master/samples/resource.js) | [![Open in Cloud Shell][shell_img]](https://console.cloud.google.com/cloudshell/open?git_repo=https://github.com/dialogflow/dialogflow-nodejs-client-v2&page=editor&open_in_editor=samples/resource.js,samples/README.md) |
| Create Context | [source code](https://github.com/dialogflow/dialogflow-nodejs-client-v2/blob/master/samples/resource.js) | [![Open in Cloud Shell][shell_img]](https://console.cloud.google.com/cloudshell/open?git_repo=https://github.com/dialogflow/dialogflow-nodejs-client-v2&page=editor&open_in_editor=samples/resource.js,samples/README.md) |
| Delete Context | [source code](https://github.com/dialogflow/dialogflow-nodejs-client-v2/blob/master/samples/resource.js) | [![Open in Cloud Shell][shell_img]](https://console.cloud.google.com/cloudshell/open?git_repo=https://github.com/dialogflow/dialogflow-nodejs-client-v2&page=editor&open_in_editor=samples/resource.js,samples/README.md) |
| Create Session Entity Type | [source code](https://github.com/dialogflow/dialogflow-nodejs-client-v2/blob/master/samples/resource.js) | [![Open in Cloud Shell][shell_img]](https://console.cloud.google.com/cloudshell/open?git_repo=https://github.com/dialogflow/dialogflow-nodejs-client-v2&page=editor&open_in_editor=samples/resource.js,samples/README.md) |
| Delete Session Entity Type | [source code](https://github.com/dialogflow/dialogflow-nodejs-client-v2/blob/master/samples/resource.js) | [![Open in Cloud Shell][shell_img]](https://console.cloud.google.com/cloudshell/open?git_repo=https://github.com/dialogflow/dialogflow-nodejs-client-v2&page=editor&open_in_editor=samples/resource.js,samples/README.md) |

The [Dialogflow Node.js Client API Reference][client-docs] documentation
also contains samples.

## Versioning

This library follows [Semantic Versioning](http://semver.org/).

This library is considered to be in **beta**. This means it is expected to be
mostly stable while we work toward a general availability release; however,
complete stability is not guaranteed. We will address issues and requests
against beta libraries with a high priority.

More Information: [Google Cloud Platform Launch Stages][launch_stages]

[launch_stages]: https://cloud.google.com/terms/launch-stages

## Contributing

Contributions welcome! See the [Contributing Guide](https://github.com/dialogflow/dialogflow-nodejs-client-v2/blob/master/.github/CONTRIBUTING.md).

## License

Apache Version 2.0

See [LICENSE](https://github.com/dialogflow/dialogflow-nodejs-client-v2/blob/master/LICENSE)

[client-docs]: https://dialogflow.com/docs/reference/api-v2/rpc/
[product-docs]: https://dialogflow.com/docs/reference/api-v2/rpc/
[shell_img]: https://gstatic.com/cloudssh/images/open-btn.png
