packages/error-reporting/README.md, before:

# Stackdriver Error Reporting for Node.js

[![NPM Version][npm-image]][npm-url]
[![Known Vulnerabilities][snyk-image]][snyk-url]

> This module is experimental, and should be used by early adopters.
> This module uses APIs that may be undocumented and are subject to change without notice.

This module provides Stackdriver Error Reporting support for Node.js applications.
[Stackdriver Error Reporting](https://cloud.google.com/error-reporting/) is a feature of
Google Cloud Platform that allows in-depth monitoring and viewing of errors reported by
applications running in almost any environment. 

![Stackdriver Error Reporting overview](doc/images/errors-overview.png)

Here's an introductory video that provides some more details:

[![Learn about Error Reporting in Stackdriver](https://img.youtube.com/vi/cVpWVD75Hs8/0.jpg)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cVpWVD75Hs8)

## Prerequisites

1. Your application needs to use Node.js version 4.x or greater.
1. You need a [Google Cloud project](https://console.cloud.google.com). Your application can run anywhere, but errors are reported to a particular project.
1. [Enable the Stackdriver Error Reporting API](https://console.cloud.google.com/apis/api/clouderrorreporting.googleapis.com/overview) for your project.

**Note:** The module will only send errors when the `NODE_ENV` environment variable is
set to `production` or the `ignoreEnvironmentCheck` property given in the
runtime configuration object is set to `true`.  See the [Configuration](#configuration) section for more details.

## Quick Start

1. **Install the module:**

  In your project, on the command line:

```bash
  # Install through npm while saving to the local 'package.json'
  npm install --save @google-cloud/error-reporting
```

2. **Require the module:**

```js
// Require the library and initialize the error handler
var errors = require('@google-cloud/error-reporting')({
  serviceContext: {service: 'my-service'} // not needed on Google Cloud
});

// Report an error to the Stackdriver Error Reporting API
errors.report(new Error('Something broke!'));
```

3. **View reported errors:**

  Open Stackdriver Error Reporting at https://console.cloud.google.com/errors to view the reported errors.

## Catching and Reporting Application-wide Uncaught Errors

*It is recommended to catch `uncaughtExceptions` for production-deployed applications.*

```js
var errors = require('@google-cloud/error-reporting')();
process.on('uncaughtException', (e) => {
  // Write the error to stderr.
  console.error(e);
  // Report that same error the Stackdriver Error Service
  errors.report(e);
});
```

More information about uncaught exception handling in Node.js and what it means for your application can be found [here](https://nodejs.org/api/process.html#process_event_uncaughtexception).

## Running on Google Cloud Platform

All information in this section assumes that the items in the [Prerequisites](#prerequisites) section above have been completed.

### Google App Engine Flexible environment

If you are using [Google App Engine flexible environment](https://cloud.google.com/appengine/docs/flexible/), you do not have to do any additional configuration.

### Google Compute Engine

Your VM instances need to be created with the `https://www.googleapis.com/auth/cloud-platform` scope if created via the [gcloud](https://cloud.google.com/sdk) CLI or the Google Cloud Platform API, or by enabling at least one of the Stackdriver APIs if created through the browser-based console.

If you already have VMs that were created without API access and do not wish to recreate it, you can follow the instructions for using a service account under [running elsewhere](#running-elsewhere).

### Google Container Engine

Container Engine nodes need to also be created with the `https://www.googleapis.com/auth/cloud-platform` scope, which is configurable during cluster creation. Alternatively, you can follow the instructions for using a service account under [running elsewhere](#running-elsewhere). It's recommended that you store the service account credentials as [Kubernetes Secret](http://kubernetes.io/v1.1/docs/user-guide/secrets.html).

## Running Elsewhere

If your application is running outside of Google Cloud Platform, such as locally, on-premise, or on another cloud provider, you can still use Stackdriver Errors.

1. You will need to specify your project ID when starting the errors agent.

       GCLOUD_PROJECT=particular-future-12345 node myapp.js

1. You need to provide service account credentials to your application by using one of the three options below:
  * The recommended way is via [Application Default Credentials][app-default-credentials].
    1. [Create a new JSON service account key][service-account].
    1. Copy the key somewhere your application can access it. Be sure not to expose the key publicly.
    1. Set the environment variable `GOOGLE_APPLICATION_CREDENTIALS` to the full path to the key. The Error Reporting library will automatically look for this environment variable.
  * If you are running your application on a development machine or test environment where you are using the [`gcloud` command line tools][gcloud-sdk], and are logged using `gcloud beta auth application-default login`, you already have sufficient credentials, and a service account key is not required.
  * Alternatively, you may set the `keyFilename` or `credentials` configuration field to the full path or contents to the key file, respectively. Setting either of these fields will override either setting `GOOGLE_APPLICATION_CREDENTIALS` or logging in using `gcloud`. For example:

```js
  // Require and start the agent with configuration options
  var errors = require('@google-cloud/error-reporting')({
    // The path to your key file:
    keyFilename: '/path/to/keyfile.json',

    // Or the contents of the key file:
    credentials: require('./path/to/keyfile.json')
  });
```

When running on Google Cloud Platform, we handle these for you automatically.

## Configuration

The following code snippet lists all available configuration options.  All configuration options are optional.

```js
var errors = require('@google-cloud/error-reporting')({
  projectId: 'my-project-id',
  keyFilename: '/path/to/keyfile.json',
  credentials: require('./path/to/keyfile.json'),
  // if true library will attempt to report errors to the service regardless
  // of the value of NODE_ENV
  // defaults to false
  ignoreEnvironmentCheck: false,
  // determines the logging level internal to the library; levels range 0-5
  // where 0 indicates no logs should be reported and 5 indicates all logs
  // should be reported
  // defaults to 2 (warnings)
  logLevel: 2,
  serviceContext: {
      service: 'my-service',
      version: 'my-service-version'
  }
});
```

## Examples

### Reporting Manually

```js
var errors = require('@google-cloud/error-reporting')();

// Use the error message builder to customize all fields ...
var errorEvt = errors.event()
                     .setMessage('My error message')
                     .setUser('root@nexus');
errors.report(errorEvt, () => console.log('done!'));

// or just use a regular error ...
errors.report(new Error('My error message'), () => console.log('done!'));

// or one can even just use a string.
errors.report('My error message');
```

The stack trace associated with an error can be viewed in the error reporting console.
* If the `errors.report` method is given an `ErrorMessage` object built using the `errors.event` method, the stack trace at the point where the error event was constructed will be used.
* If the `errors.report` method is given an `Error` object, the stack trace where the error was instantiated will be used.
* If the `errors.report` method is given a string, the stack trace at the point where `errors.report` is invoked will be used.

### Using Express

```js
var express = require('express');
var errors = require('@google-cloud/error-reporting')();

var app = express();

app.get('/error', (req, res, next) => {
  res.send('Something broke!');
  next(new Error('Custom error message'));
});

app.get('/exception', () => {
  JSON.parse('{\"malformedJson\": true');
});

app.use(errors.express);

app.listen(3000);
```

### Using Hapi

```js
var hapi = require('hapi');
var errors = require('@google-cloud/error-reporting')();

var server = new hapi.Server();
server.connection({ port: 3000 });
server.start();

server.route({
  method: 'GET',
  path: '/error',
  handler: (request, reply) => {
    reply('Something broke!');
    throw new Error('Custom error message');
  }
});

server.register(errors.hapi);
```

### Using Koa

```js
var Koa = require('koa');
var errors = require('@google-cloud/error-reporting')();

var app = new Koa();

app.use(errors.koa);

app.use(function *(next) {
  //This will set status and message
  this.throw('Error Message', 500);
});

// response
app.use(function *(){
  this.body = 'Hello World';
});

app.listen(3000);
```

### Using Restify

```js
var restify = require('restify');
var errors = require('@google-cloud/error-reporting')();

function respond(req, res, next) {
  next(new Error('this is a restify error'));
}

var server = restify.createServer();

server.use(errors.restify(server));
server.get('/hello/:name', respond);
server.head('/hello/:name', respond);

server.listen(3000);
```

[gcloud-sdk]: https://cloud.google.com/sdk/gcloud/
[app-default-credentials]: https://developers.google.com/identity/protocols/application-default-credentials
[service-account]: https://console.developers.google.com/apis/credentials/serviceaccountkey
[npm-image]: https://badge.fury.io/js/%40google-cloud%2Ferror-reporting.svg
[npm-url]: https://npmjs.org/package/@google-cloud/error-reporting
[snyk-image]: https://snyk.io/test/npm/@google-cloud/error-reporting/badge.svg
[snyk-url]: https://snyk.io/test/npm/@google-cloud/error-reporting

Commit message:

Doc error-reporting integration with logs
Document loggin-{winston,bunyan} and error-reporting from each other's
README files.

packages/error-reporting/README.md, after:

# Stackdriver Error Reporting for Node.js

[![NPM Version][npm-image]][npm-url]
[![Known Vulnerabilities][snyk-image]][snyk-url]

> This module is experimental, and should be used by early adopters.
> This module uses APIs that may be undocumented and are subject to change without notice.

This module provides Stackdriver Error Reporting support for Node.js applications.
[Stackdriver Error Reporting](https://cloud.google.com/error-reporting/) is a feature of
Google Cloud Platform that allows in-depth monitoring and viewing of errors reported by
applications running in almost any environment.

![Stackdriver Error Reporting overview](doc/images/errors-overview.png)

Here's an introductory video that provides some more details:

[![Learn about Error Reporting in Stackdriver](https://img.youtube.com/vi/cVpWVD75Hs8/0.jpg)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cVpWVD75Hs8)

Note that [@google-cloud/logging-winston][logging-winston] and
[@google-cloud/logging-bunyan][logging-bunyan] automatically integrate with the
Error Reporting service for Error objects logged at severity `error` or higher,
for applications running on Google Cloud Platform. If you are already using
Winston or Bunyan in your application, and don't need direct access/control of
error reporting, you may want to check those modules as well.

## Prerequisites

1. Your application needs to use Node.js version 4.x or greater.
1. You need a [Google Cloud project](https://console.cloud.google.com). Your application can run anywhere, but errors are reported to a particular project.
1. [Enable the Stackdriver Error Reporting API](https://console.cloud.google.com/apis/api/clouderrorreporting.googleapis.com/overview) for your project.

**Note:** The module will only send errors when the `NODE_ENV` environment variable is
set to `production` or the `ignoreEnvironmentCheck` property given in the
runtime configuration object is set to `true`.  See the [Configuration](#configuration) section for more details.

## Quick Start

1. **Install the module:**

  In your project, on the command line:

```bash
  # Install through npm while saving to the local 'package.json'
  npm install --save @google-cloud/error-reporting
```

2. **Require the module:**

```js
// Require the library and initialize the error handler
var errors = require('@google-cloud/error-reporting')({
  serviceContext: {service: 'my-service'} // not needed on Google Cloud
});

// Report an error to the Stackdriver Error Reporting API
errors.report(new Error('Something broke!'));

// We also provide error handling middleware for express, hapi, restify & koa.
// See sections below.
```

3. **View reported errors:**

  Open Stackdriver Error Reporting at https://console.cloud.google.com/errors to view the reported errors.

## Catching and Reporting Application-wide Uncaught Errors

*It is recommended to catch `uncaughtExceptions` for production-deployed applications.*

```js
var errors = require('@google-cloud/error-reporting')();
process.on('uncaughtException', (e) => {
  // Write the error to stderr.
  console.error(e);
  // Report that same error the Stackdriver Error Service
  errors.report(e);
});
```

More information about uncaught exception handling in Node.js and what it means for your application can be found [here](https://nodejs.org/api/process.html#process_event_uncaughtexception).

## Running on Google Cloud Platform

All information in this section assumes that the items in the [Prerequisites](#prerequisites) section above have been completed.

### Google App Engine Flexible environment

If you are using [Google App Engine flexible environment](https://cloud.google.com/appengine/docs/flexible/), you do not have to do any additional configuration.

### Google Compute Engine

Your VM instances need to be created with the `https://www.googleapis.com/auth/cloud-platform` scope if created via the [gcloud](https://cloud.google.com/sdk) CLI or the Google Cloud Platform API, or by enabling at least one of the Stackdriver APIs if created through the browser-based console.

If you already have VMs that were created without API access and do not wish to recreate it, you can follow the instructions for using a service account under [running elsewhere](#running-elsewhere).

### Google Container Engine

Container Engine nodes need to also be created with the `https://www.googleapis.com/auth/cloud-platform` scope, which is configurable during cluster creation. Alternatively, you can follow the instructions for using a service account under [running elsewhere](#running-elsewhere). It's recommended that you store the service account credentials as [Kubernetes Secret](http://kubernetes.io/v1.1/docs/user-guide/secrets.html).

## Running Elsewhere

If your application is running outside of Google Cloud Platform, such as locally, on-premise, or on another cloud provider, you can still use Stackdriver Errors.

1. You will need to specify your project ID when starting the errors agent.

       GCLOUD_PROJECT=particular-future-12345 node myapp.js

1. You need to provide service account credentials to your application by using one of the three options below:
  * The recommended way is via [Application Default Credentials][app-default-credentials].
    1. [Create a new JSON service account key][service-account].
    1. Copy the key somewhere your application can access it. Be sure not to expose the key publicly.
    1. Set the environment variable `GOOGLE_APPLICATION_CREDENTIALS` to the full path to the key. The Error Reporting library will automatically look for this environment variable.
  * If you are running your application on a development machine or test environment where you are using the [`gcloud` command line tools][gcloud-sdk], and are logged using `gcloud beta auth application-default login`, you already have sufficient credentials, and a service account key is not required.
  * Alternatively, you may set the `keyFilename` or `credentials` configuration field to the full path or contents to the key file, respectively. Setting either of these fields will override either setting `GOOGLE_APPLICATION_CREDENTIALS` or logging in using `gcloud`. For example:

```js
  // Require and start the agent with configuration options
  var errors = require('@google-cloud/error-reporting')({
    // The path to your key file:
    keyFilename: '/path/to/keyfile.json',

    // Or the contents of the key file:
    credentials: require('./path/to/keyfile.json')
  });
```

When running on Google Cloud Platform, we handle these for you automatically.

## Configuration

The following code snippet lists all available configuration options.  All configuration options are optional.

```js
var errors = require('@google-cloud/error-reporting')({
  projectId: 'my-project-id',
  keyFilename: '/path/to/keyfile.json',
  credentials: require('./path/to/keyfile.json'),
  // if true library will attempt to report errors to the service regardless
  // of the value of NODE_ENV
  // defaults to false
  ignoreEnvironmentCheck: false,
  // determines the logging level internal to the library; levels range 0-5
  // where 0 indicates no logs should be reported and 5 indicates all logs
  // should be reported
  // defaults to 2 (warnings)
  logLevel: 2,
  serviceContext: {
      service: 'my-service',
      version: 'my-service-version'
  }
});
```

## Examples

### Reporting Manually

```js
var errors = require('@google-cloud/error-reporting')();

// Use the error message builder to customize all fields ...
var errorEvt = errors.event()
                     .setMessage('My error message')
                     .setUser('root@nexus');
errors.report(errorEvt, () => console.log('done!'));

// or just use a regular error ...
errors.report(new Error('My error message'), () => console.log('done!'));

// or one can even just use a string.
errors.report('My error message');
```

The stack trace associated with an error can be viewed in the error reporting console.
* If the `errors.report` method is given an `ErrorMessage` object built using the `errors.event` method, the stack trace at the point where the error event was constructed will be used.
* If the `errors.report` method is given an `Error` object, the stack trace where the error was instantiated will be used.
* If the `errors.report` method is given a string, the stack trace at the point where `errors.report` is invoked will be used.

### Using Express

```js
var express = require('express');
var errors = require('@google-cloud/error-reporting')();

var app = express();

app.get('/error', (req, res, next) => {
  res.send('Something broke!');
  next(new Error('Custom error message'));
});

app.get('/exception', () => {
  JSON.parse('{\"malformedJson\": true');
});

// Note that express error handling middleware should be attached after all
// the other routes and use() calls. See [express docs][express-error-docs].
app.use(errors.express);

app.listen(3000);
```

### Using Hapi

```js
var hapi = require('hapi');
var errors = require('@google-cloud/error-reporting')();

var server = new hapi.Server();
server.connection({ port: 3000 });
server.start();

server.route({
  method: 'GET',
  path: '/error',
  handler: (request, reply) => {
    reply('Something broke!');
    throw new Error('Custom error message');
  }
});

server.register(errors.hapi);
```

### Using Koa

```js
var Koa = require('koa');
var errors = require('@google-cloud/error-reporting')();

var app = new Koa();

app.use(errors.koa);

app.use(function *(next) {
  //This will set status and message
  this.throw('Error Message', 500);
});

// response
app.use(function *(){
  this.body = 'Hello World';
});

app.listen(3000);
```

### Using Restify

```js
var restify = require('restify');
var errors = require('@google-cloud/error-reporting')();

function respond(req, res, next) {
  next(new Error('this is a restify error'));
}

var server = restify.createServer();

server.use(errors.restify(server));
server.get('/hello/:name', respond);
server.head('/hello/:name', respond);

server.listen(3000);
```

[app-default-credentials]: https://developers.google.com/identity/protocols/application-default-credentials
[express-error-docs]: https://expressjs.com/en/guide/error-handling.html
[gcloud-sdk]: https://cloud.google.com/sdk/gcloud/
[logging-bunyan]: https://www.npmjs.com/package/@google-cloud/logging-bunyan
[logging-winston]: https://www.npmjs.com/package/@google-cloud/logging-winston
[npm-image]: https://badge.fury.io/js/%40google-cloud%2Ferror-reporting.svg
[npm-url]: https://npmjs.org/package/@google-cloud/error-reporting
[service-account]: https://console.developers.google.com/apis/credentials/serviceaccountkey
[snyk-image]: https://snyk.io/test/npm/@google-cloud/error-reporting/badge.svg
[snyk-url]: https://snyk.io/test/npm/@google-cloud/error-reporting
