packages/google-cloud-speech/README.md, before:

<img src="https://avatars2.githubusercontent.com/u/2810941?v=3&s=96" alt="Google Cloud Platform logo" title="Google Cloud Platform" align="right" height="96" width="96"/>

# [Google Cloud Speech API: Node.js Client](https://github.com/googleapis/nodejs-speech)

[![release level](https://img.shields.io/badge/release%20level-general%20availability%20%28GA%29-brightgreen.svg?style&#x3D;flat)](https://cloud.google.com/terms/launch-stages)
[![CircleCI](https://img.shields.io/circleci/project/github/googleapis/nodejs-speech.svg?style=flat)](https://circleci.com/gh/googleapis/nodejs-speech)
[![AppVeyor](https://ci.appveyor.com/api/projects/status/github/googleapis/nodejs-speech?branch=master&svg=true)](https://ci.appveyor.com/project/googleapis/nodejs-speech)
[![codecov](https://img.shields.io/codecov/c/github/googleapis/nodejs-speech/master.svg?style=flat)](https://codecov.io/gh/googleapis/nodejs-speech)

> Node.js idiomatic client for [Speech API][product-docs].

The [Cloud Speech API](https://cloud.google.com/speech/docs) enables easy integration of Google speech recognition technologies into developer applications. Send audio and receive a text transcription from the Cloud Speech API service.


* [Speech API Node.js Client API Reference][client-docs]
* [github.com/googleapis/nodejs-speech](https://github.com/googleapis/nodejs-speech)
* [Speech API Documentation][product-docs]

Read more about the client libraries for Cloud APIs, including the older
Google APIs Client Libraries, in [Client Libraries Explained][explained].

[explained]: https://cloud.google.com/apis/docs/client-libraries-explained

**Table of contents:**

* [Quickstart](#quickstart)
  * [Before you begin](#before-you-begin)
  * [Installing the client library](#installing-the-client-library)
  * [Using the client library](#using-the-client-library)
* [Samples](#samples)
* [Versioning](#versioning)
* [Contributing](#contributing)
* [License](#license)

## Quickstart

### Before you begin

1.  Select or create a Cloud Platform project.

    [Go to the projects page][projects]

1.  Enable billing for your project.

    [Enable billing][billing]

1.  Enable the Google Cloud Speech API API.

    [Enable the API][enable_api]

1.  [Set up authentication with a service account][auth] so you can access the
    API from your local workstation.

[projects]: https://console.cloud.google.com/project
[billing]: https://support.google.com/cloud/answer/6293499#enable-billing
[enable_api]: https://console.cloud.google.com/flows/enableapi?apiid=speech.googleapis.com
[auth]: https://cloud.google.com/docs/authentication/getting-started

### Installing the client library

    npm install --save @google-cloud/speech

### Using the client library

```javascript
// Imports the Google Cloud client library
const speech = require('@google-cloud/speech');
const fs = require('fs');

// Creates a client
const client = new speech.SpeechClient();

// The name of the audio file to transcribe
const fileName = './resources/audio.raw';

// Reads a local audio file and converts it to base64
const file = fs.readFileSync(fileName);
const audioBytes = file.toString('base64');

// The audio file's encoding, sample rate in hertz, and BCP-47 language code
const audio = {
  content: audioBytes,
};
const config = {
  encoding: 'LINEAR16',
  sampleRateHertz: 16000,
  languageCode: 'en-US',
};
const request = {
  audio: audio,
  config: config,
};

// Detects speech in the audio file
client
  .recognize(request)
  .then(data => {
    const response = data[0];
    const transcription = response.results
      .map(result => result.alternatives[0].transcript)
      .join('\n');
    console.log(`Transcription: ${transcription}`);
  })
  .catch(err => {
    console.error('ERROR:', err);
  });
```

## Samples

Samples are in the [`samples/`](https://github.com/googleapis/nodejs-speech/tree/master/samples) directory. The samples' `README.md`
has instructions for running the samples.

| Sample                      | Source Code                       | Try it |
| --------------------------- | --------------------------------- | ------ |
| Speech Recognition | [source code](https://github.com/googleapis/nodejs-speech/blob/master/samples/recognize.js) | [![Open in Cloud Shell][shell_img]](https://console.cloud.google.com/cloudshell/open?git_repo=https://github.com/googleapis/nodejs-speech&page=editor&open_in_editor=samples/recognize.js,samples/README.md) |
| Speech Recognition v1p1beta1 | [source code](https://github.com/googleapis/nodejs-speech/blob/master/samples/recognize.v1p1beta1.js) | [![Open in Cloud Shell][shell_img]](https://console.cloud.google.com/cloudshell/open?git_repo=https://github.com/googleapis/nodejs-speech&page=editor&open_in_editor=samples/recognize.v1p1beta1.js,samples/README.md) |

The [Speech API Node.js Client API Reference][client-docs] documentation
also contains samples.

## Versioning

This library follows [Semantic Versioning](http://semver.org/).

This library is considered to be **General Availability (GA)**. This means it
is stable; the code surface will not change in backwards-incompatible ways
unless absolutely necessary (e.g. because of critical security issues) or with
an extensive deprecation period. Issues and requests against **GA** libraries
are addressed with the highest priority.

More Information: [Google Cloud Platform Launch Stages][launch_stages]

[launch_stages]: https://cloud.google.com/terms/launch-stages

## Contributing

Contributions welcome! See the [Contributing Guide](https://github.com/googleapis/nodejs-speech/blob/master/.github/CONTRIBUTING.md).

## License

Apache Version 2.0

See [LICENSE](https://github.com/googleapis/nodejs-speech/blob/master/LICENSE)

[client-docs]: https://cloud.google.com/nodejs/docs/reference/speech/latest/
[product-docs]: https://cloud.google.com/speech/docs
[shell_img]: //gstatic.com/cloudssh/images/open-btn.png

Commit message:

Code Samples for new v1p1beta1 features (#118)
* MicrophoneStreamTest, and basic .ava tests-

* Just cosmetic, removed some notes, added note about Event style for test.

* removed .test, cleaned up yaaarghs

* Cleaned up test within MicStream.js, .ava tests forthcoming

* Pruned down to core streaming function, yaargs rebuilt, .ava upcoming

* newest .ava test, just makes sure yaargs loads, comments addressed

* Added Readme

* BetaFeatures for Test, fixed from yesterday

* Updated Readme

* Updated Readme, fixed old paths used in testing

* Updated Readme again

* Updated Yaargs Examples to fit readme

* Fixed Diarization bug

* Speech Fixes

* fixing eslint settings to merge

* eslint again

* testing lint quick fix

* more ESlint shennanigans

* cleaned up region tags

* Removed audiochannelGCS

* Removed Comments, also multiChannel GCS

* Removed Comments, GCS MultiChannel

* Removed multi Audio Channel

* Added mono-channel multi Language file to sample

* removed old console.log

* fixed todos and filename -> fileName

* removed docstrings

* removed enableWordTimeOffsets in WordLvlConfidence

* rebuild

* fixed space

* fixed package.lock for node8 circleCI

* Attempted fix for circleCI node 8

* attempted mime-types fix

* possible mime/CLI fix

* Merged Latest package chore stuff, for circleCI

* all outstanding comments, except eslint issue

* confidence test fix

* fixed eslinting in betaFeatures.js

* eslint again

* Fixed MultiChannel transcribe

* multiChannelGCS test

* Updated readme

* updated readme, scaffolding

* readme again

packages/google-cloud-speech/README.md, after:

[//]: # "This README.md file is auto-generated, all changes to this file will be lost."
[//]: # "To regenerate it, use `npm run generate-scaffolding`."
<img src="https://avatars2.githubusercontent.com/u/2810941?v=3&s=96" alt="Google Cloud Platform logo" title="Google Cloud Platform" align="right" height="96" width="96"/>

# [Google Cloud Speech API: Node.js Client](https://github.com/googleapis/nodejs-speech)

[![release level](https://img.shields.io/badge/release%20level-general%20availability%20%28GA%29-brightgreen.svg?style&#x3D;flat)](https://cloud.google.com/terms/launch-stages)
[![CircleCI](https://img.shields.io/circleci/project/github/googleapis/nodejs-speech.svg?style=flat)](https://circleci.com/gh/googleapis/nodejs-speech)
[![AppVeyor](https://ci.appveyor.com/api/projects/status/github/googleapis/nodejs-speech?branch=master&svg=true)](https://ci.appveyor.com/project/googleapis/nodejs-speech)
[![codecov](https://img.shields.io/codecov/c/github/googleapis/nodejs-speech/master.svg?style=flat)](https://codecov.io/gh/googleapis/nodejs-speech)

> Node.js idiomatic client for [Speech API][product-docs].

The [Cloud Speech API](https://cloud.google.com/speech/docs) enables easy integration of Google speech recognition technologies into developer applications. Send audio and receive a text transcription from the Cloud Speech API service.


* [Speech API Node.js Client API Reference][client-docs]
* [github.com/googleapis/nodejs-speech](https://github.com/googleapis/nodejs-speech)
* [Speech API Documentation][product-docs]

Read more about the client libraries for Cloud APIs, including the older
Google APIs Client Libraries, in [Client Libraries Explained][explained].

[explained]: https://cloud.google.com/apis/docs/client-libraries-explained

**Table of contents:**

* [Quickstart](#quickstart)
  * [Before you begin](#before-you-begin)
  * [Installing the client library](#installing-the-client-library)
  * [Using the client library](#using-the-client-library)
* [Samples](#samples)
* [Versioning](#versioning)
* [Contributing](#contributing)
* [License](#license)

## Quickstart

### Before you begin

1.  Select or create a Cloud Platform project.

    [Go to the projects page][projects]

1.  Enable billing for your project.

    [Enable billing][billing]

1.  Enable the Google Cloud Speech API API.

    [Enable the API][enable_api]

1.  [Set up authentication with a service account][auth] so you can access the
    API from your local workstation.

[projects]: https://console.cloud.google.com/project
[billing]: https://support.google.com/cloud/answer/6293499#enable-billing
[enable_api]: https://console.cloud.google.com/flows/enableapi?apiid=speech.googleapis.com
[auth]: https://cloud.google.com/docs/authentication/getting-started

### Installing the client library

    npm install --save @google-cloud/speech

### Using the client library

```javascript
// Imports the Google Cloud client library
const speech = require('@google-cloud/speech');
const fs = require('fs');

// Creates a client
const client = new speech.SpeechClient();

// The name of the audio file to transcribe
const fileName = './resources/audio.raw';

// Reads a local audio file and converts it to base64
const file = fs.readFileSync(fileName);
const audioBytes = file.toString('base64');

// The audio file's encoding, sample rate in hertz, and BCP-47 language code
const audio = {
  content: audioBytes,
};
const config = {
  encoding: 'LINEAR16',
  sampleRateHertz: 16000,
  languageCode: 'en-US',
};
const request = {
  audio: audio,
  config: config,
};

// Detects speech in the audio file
client
  .recognize(request)
  .then(data => {
    const response = data[0];
    const transcription = response.results
      .map(result => result.alternatives[0].transcript)
      .join('\n');
    console.log(`Transcription: ${transcription}`);
  })
  .catch(err => {
    console.error('ERROR:', err);
  });
```

## Samples

Samples are in the [`samples/`](https://github.com/googleapis/nodejs-speech/tree/master/samples) directory. The samples' `README.md`
has instructions for running the samples.

| Sample                      | Source Code                       | Try it |
| --------------------------- | --------------------------------- | ------ |
| Speech Recognition | [source code](https://github.com/googleapis/nodejs-speech/blob/master/samples/recognize.js) | [![Open in Cloud Shell][shell_img]](https://console.cloud.google.com/cloudshell/open?git_repo=https://github.com/googleapis/nodejs-speech&page=editor&open_in_editor=samples/recognize.js,samples/README.md) |
| Speech Recognition v1p1beta1 | [source code](https://github.com/googleapis/nodejs-speech/blob/master/samples/recognize.v1p1beta1.js) | [![Open in Cloud Shell][shell_img]](https://console.cloud.google.com/cloudshell/open?git_repo=https://github.com/googleapis/nodejs-speech&page=editor&open_in_editor=samples/recognize.v1p1beta1.js,samples/README.md) |

The [Speech API Node.js Client API Reference][client-docs] documentation
also contains samples.

## Versioning

This library follows [Semantic Versioning](http://semver.org/).

This library is considered to be **General Availability (GA)**. This means it
is stable; the code surface will not change in backwards-incompatible ways
unless absolutely necessary (e.g. because of critical security issues) or with
an extensive deprecation period. Issues and requests against **GA** libraries
are addressed with the highest priority.

More Information: [Google Cloud Platform Launch Stages][launch_stages]

[launch_stages]: https://cloud.google.com/terms/launch-stages

## Contributing

Contributions welcome! See the [Contributing Guide](https://github.com/googleapis/nodejs-speech/blob/master/.github/CONTRIBUTING.md).

## License

Apache Version 2.0

See [LICENSE](https://github.com/googleapis/nodejs-speech/blob/master/LICENSE)

[client-docs]: https://cloud.google.com/nodejs/docs/reference/speech/latest/
[product-docs]: https://cloud.google.com/speech/docs
[shell_img]: https://gstatic.com/cloudssh/images/open-btn.png
