packages/google-iam-credentials/README.md, before:

[//]: # "This README.md file is auto-generated, all changes to this file will be lost."
[//]: # "To regenerate it, use `python -m synthtool`."
<img src="https://avatars2.githubusercontent.com/u/2810941?v=3&s=96" alt="Google Cloud Platform logo" title="Google Cloud Platform" align="right" height="96" width="96"/>

# [IAM Service Account Credentials API: Node.js Client](https://github.com/googleapis/nodejs-iam-credentials)

[![release level](https://img.shields.io/badge/release%20level-general%20availability%20%28GA%29-brightgreen.svg?style=flat)](https://cloud.google.com/terms/launch-stages)
[![npm version](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/@google-cloud/iam-credentials.svg)](https://www.npmjs.org/package/@google-cloud/iam-credentials)
[![codecov](https://img.shields.io/codecov/c/github/googleapis/nodejs-iam-credentials/main.svg?style=flat)](https://codecov.io/gh/googleapis/nodejs-iam-credentials)




Credentials client for Node.js


A comprehensive list of changes in each version may be found in
[the CHANGELOG](https://github.com/googleapis/nodejs-iam-credentials/blob/main/CHANGELOG.md).

* [IAM Service Account Credentials API Node.js Client API Reference][client-docs]

* [github.com/googleapis/nodejs-iam-credentials](https://github.com/googleapis/nodejs-iam-credentials)

Read more about the client libraries for Cloud APIs, including the older
Google APIs Client Libraries, in [Client Libraries Explained][explained].

[explained]: https://cloud.google.com/apis/docs/client-libraries-explained

**Table of contents:**


* [Quickstart](#quickstart)
  * [Before you begin](#before-you-begin)
  * [Installing the client library](#installing-the-client-library)
  * [Using the client library](#using-the-client-library)
* [Samples](#samples)
* [Versioning](#versioning)
* [Contributing](#contributing)
* [License](#license)

## Quickstart

### Before you begin

1.  [Select or create a Cloud Platform project][projects].
1.  [Enable billing for your project][billing].
1.  [Enable the IAM Service Account Credentials API API][enable_api].
1.  [Set up authentication with a service account][auth] so you can access the
    API from your local workstation.

### Installing the client library

```bash
npm install @google-cloud/iam-credentials
```


### Using the client library

```javascript
// Imports the Google Cloud client library

const {IAMCredentialsClient} = require('@google-cloud/iam-credentials');

// TODO(developer): replace with your prefered project values.
// The service account must be granted the roles/iam.serviceAccountTokenCreator role
// const serviceAccount = 'ACCOUNT_EMAIL_OR_UNIQUEID'
// const scopes = 'my-scopes', e.g., 'https://www.googleapis.com/auth/iam'

// Creates a client
const client = new IAMCredentialsClient();

async function generateAccessToken() {
  const [token] = await client.generateAccessToken({
    name: `projects/-/serviceAccounts/${serviceAccount}`,
    scope: [scopes],
  });
  console.info(token);
}
generateAccessToken();

```



## Samples

Samples are in the [`samples/`](https://github.com/googleapis/nodejs-iam-credentials/tree/main/samples) directory. Each sample's `README.md` has instructions for running its sample.

| Sample                      | Source Code                       | Try it |
| --------------------------- | --------------------------------- | ------ |
| Quickstart | [source code](https://github.com/googleapis/nodejs-iam-credentials/blob/main/samples/quickstart.js) | [![Open in Cloud Shell][shell_img]](https://console.cloud.google.com/cloudshell/open?git_repo=https://github.com/googleapis/nodejs-iam-credentials&page=editor&open_in_editor=samples/quickstart.js,samples/README.md) |



The [IAM Service Account Credentials API Node.js Client API Reference][client-docs] documentation
also contains samples.

## Supported Node.js Versions

Our client libraries follow the [Node.js release schedule](https://nodejs.org/en/about/releases/).
Libraries are compatible with all current _active_ and _maintenance_ versions of
Node.js.

Client libraries targeting some end-of-life versions of Node.js are available, and
can be installed via npm [dist-tags](https://docs.npmjs.com/cli/dist-tag).
The dist-tags follow the naming convention `legacy-(version)`.

_Legacy Node.js versions are supported as a best effort:_

* Legacy versions will not be tested in continuous integration.
* Some security patches may not be able to be backported.
* Dependencies will not be kept up-to-date, and features will not be backported.

#### Legacy tags available

* `legacy-8`: install client libraries from this dist-tag for versions
  compatible with Node.js 8.

## Versioning

This library follows [Semantic Versioning](http://semver.org/).








More Information: [Google Cloud Platform Launch Stages][launch_stages]

[launch_stages]: https://cloud.google.com/terms/launch-stages

## Contributing

Contributions welcome! See the [Contributing Guide](https://github.com/googleapis/nodejs-iam-credentials/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md).

Please note that this `README.md`, the `samples/README.md`,
and a variety of configuration files in this repository (including `.nycrc` and `tsconfig.json`)
are generated from a central template. To edit one of these files, make an edit
to its templates in
[directory](https://github.com/googleapis/synthtool).

## License

Apache Version 2.0

See [LICENSE](https://github.com/googleapis/nodejs-iam-credentials/blob/main/LICENSE)

[client-docs]: https://cloud.google.com/nodejs/docs/reference/iam-credentials/latest

[shell_img]: https://gstatic.com/cloudssh/images/open-btn.png
[projects]: https://console.cloud.google.com/project
[billing]: https://support.google.com/cloud/answer/6293499#enable-billing
[enable_api]: https://console.cloud.google.com/flows/enableapi?apiid=iamcredentials.googleapis.com
[auth]: https://cloud.google.com/docs/authentication/getting-started

Commit message:

chore: add api_shortname and library_type to repo metadata (#101)

packages/google-iam-credentials/README.md, after:

[//]: # "This README.md file is auto-generated, all changes to this file will be lost."
[//]: # "To regenerate it, use `python -m synthtool`."
<img src="https://avatars2.githubusercontent.com/u/2810941?v=3&s=96" alt="Google Cloud Platform logo" title="Google Cloud Platform" align="right" height="96" width="96"/>

# [IAM Service Account Credentials API: Node.js Client](https://github.com/googleapis/nodejs-iam-credentials)


[![npm version](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/@google-cloud/iam-credentials.svg)](https://www.npmjs.org/package/@google-cloud/iam-credentials)
[![codecov](https://img.shields.io/codecov/c/github/googleapis/nodejs-iam-credentials/main.svg?style=flat)](https://codecov.io/gh/googleapis/nodejs-iam-credentials)




Credentials client for Node.js


A comprehensive list of changes in each version may be found in
[the CHANGELOG](https://github.com/googleapis/nodejs-iam-credentials/blob/main/CHANGELOG.md).

* [IAM Service Account Credentials API Node.js Client API Reference][client-docs]

* [github.com/googleapis/nodejs-iam-credentials](https://github.com/googleapis/nodejs-iam-credentials)

Read more about the client libraries for Cloud APIs, including the older
Google APIs Client Libraries, in [Client Libraries Explained][explained].

[explained]: https://cloud.google.com/apis/docs/client-libraries-explained

**Table of contents:**


* [Quickstart](#quickstart)
  * [Before you begin](#before-you-begin)
  * [Installing the client library](#installing-the-client-library)
  * [Using the client library](#using-the-client-library)
* [Samples](#samples)
* [Versioning](#versioning)
* [Contributing](#contributing)
* [License](#license)

## Quickstart

### Before you begin

1.  [Select or create a Cloud Platform project][projects].
1.  [Enable billing for your project][billing].
1.  [Enable the IAM Service Account Credentials API API][enable_api].
1.  [Set up authentication with a service account][auth] so you can access the
    API from your local workstation.

### Installing the client library

```bash
npm install @google-cloud/iam-credentials
```


### Using the client library

```javascript
// Imports the Google Cloud client library

const {IAMCredentialsClient} = require('@google-cloud/iam-credentials');

// TODO(developer): replace with your prefered project values.
// The service account must be granted the roles/iam.serviceAccountTokenCreator role
// const serviceAccount = 'ACCOUNT_EMAIL_OR_UNIQUEID'
// const scopes = 'my-scopes', e.g., 'https://www.googleapis.com/auth/iam'

// Creates a client
const client = new IAMCredentialsClient();

async function generateAccessToken() {
  const [token] = await client.generateAccessToken({
    name: `projects/-/serviceAccounts/${serviceAccount}`,
    scope: [scopes],
  });
  console.info(token);
}
generateAccessToken();

```



## Samples

Samples are in the [`samples/`](https://github.com/googleapis/nodejs-iam-credentials/tree/main/samples) directory. Each sample's `README.md` has instructions for running its sample.

| Sample                      | Source Code                       | Try it |
| --------------------------- | --------------------------------- | ------ |
| Quickstart | [source code](https://github.com/googleapis/nodejs-iam-credentials/blob/main/samples/quickstart.js) | [![Open in Cloud Shell][shell_img]](https://console.cloud.google.com/cloudshell/open?git_repo=https://github.com/googleapis/nodejs-iam-credentials&page=editor&open_in_editor=samples/quickstart.js,samples/README.md) |



The [IAM Service Account Credentials API Node.js Client API Reference][client-docs] documentation
also contains samples.

## Supported Node.js Versions

Our client libraries follow the [Node.js release schedule](https://nodejs.org/en/about/releases/).
Libraries are compatible with all current _active_ and _maintenance_ versions of
Node.js.

Client libraries targeting some end-of-life versions of Node.js are available, and
can be installed via npm [dist-tags](https://docs.npmjs.com/cli/dist-tag).
The dist-tags follow the naming convention `legacy-(version)`.

_Legacy Node.js versions are supported as a best effort:_

* Legacy versions will not be tested in continuous integration.
* Some security patches may not be able to be backported.
* Dependencies will not be kept up-to-date, and features will not be backported.

#### Legacy tags available

* `legacy-8`: install client libraries from this dist-tag for versions
  compatible with Node.js 8.

## Versioning

This library follows [Semantic Versioning](http://semver.org/).







This library is considered to be in **preview**. This means it is still a
work-in-progress and under active development. Any release is subject to
backwards-incompatible changes at any time.


More Information: [Google Cloud Platform Launch Stages][launch_stages]

[launch_stages]: https://cloud.google.com/terms/launch-stages

## Contributing

Contributions welcome! See the [Contributing Guide](https://github.com/googleapis/nodejs-iam-credentials/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md).

Please note that this `README.md`, the `samples/README.md`,
and a variety of configuration files in this repository (including `.nycrc` and `tsconfig.json`)
are generated from a central template. To edit one of these files, make an edit
to its templates in
[directory](https://github.com/googleapis/synthtool).

## License

Apache Version 2.0

See [LICENSE](https://github.com/googleapis/nodejs-iam-credentials/blob/main/LICENSE)

[client-docs]: https://cloud.google.com/nodejs/docs/reference/iam-credentials/latest

[shell_img]: https://gstatic.com/cloudssh/images/open-btn.png
[projects]: https://console.cloud.google.com/project
[billing]: https://support.google.com/cloud/answer/6293499#enable-billing
[enable_api]: https://console.cloud.google.com/flows/enableapi?apiid=iamcredentials.googleapis.com
[auth]: https://cloud.google.com/docs/authentication/getting-started
