packages/language/README.md, before:

# @google-cloud/language
> Google Cloud Natural Language Client Library for Node.js

> **This is a Beta release of Google Cloud Natural Language.** This feature is not covered by any SLA or deprecation policy and may be subject to backward-incompatible changes.

*Looking for more Google APIs than just Natural Language? You might want to check out [`google-cloud`][google-cloud].*

- [API Documentation][gcloud-language-docs]
- [Official Documentation][cloud-language-docs]


```sh
$ npm install --save @google-cloud/language
```
```js
var language = require('@google-cloud/language')({
  projectId: 'grape-spaceship-123',
  keyFilename: '/path/to/keyfile.json'
});

// Get the entities from a sentence.
language.detectEntities('Stephen of Michigan!', function(err, entities) {
  // entities = {
  //   people: ['Stephen'],
  //   places: ['Michigan']
  // }
});

// Create a document if you plan to run multiple detections.
var document = language.document('Contributions welcome!');

// Analyze the sentiment of the document.
document.detectSentiment(function(err, sentiment) {
  // sentiment = 100 // Large numbers represent more positive sentiments.
});

// Parse the syntax of the document.
document.annotate(function(err, annotations) {
  // annotations = {
  //   language: 'en',
  //   sentiment: 100,
  //   entities: {},
  //   sentences: ['Contributions welcome!'],
  //   tokens: [
  //     {
  //       text: 'Contributions',
  //       partOfSpeech: 'Noun (common and proper)',
  //       partOfSpeechTag: 'NOUN'
  //     },
  //     {
  //       text: 'welcome',
  //       partOfSpeech: 'Verb (all tenses and modes)',
  //       partOfSpeechTag: 'VERB'
  //     },
  //     {
  //       text: '!',
  //       partOfSpeech: 'Punctuation',
  //       partOfSpeechTag: 'PUNCT'
  //     }
  //   ]
  // }
});

// Promises are also supported by omitting callbacks.
document.annotate().then(function(data) {
  var annotations = data[0];
});

// It's also possible to integrate with third-party Promise libraries.
var language = require('@google-cloud/language')({
  promise: require('bluebird')
});
```


## Authentication

It's incredibly easy to get authenticated and start using Google's APIs. You can set your credentials on a global basis as well as on a per-API basis. See each individual API section below to see how you can auth on a per-API-basis. This is useful if you want to use different accounts for different Google Cloud services.

### On Google Compute Engine

If you are running this client on Google Compute Engine, we handle authentication for you with no configuration. You just need to make sure that when you [set up the GCE instance][gce-how-to], you add the correct scopes for the APIs you want to access.

``` js
// Authenticating on a global basis.
var projectId = process.env.GCLOUD_PROJECT; // E.g. 'grape-spaceship-123'

var language = require('@google-cloud/language')({
  projectId: projectId
});

// ...you're good to go!
```

### Elsewhere

If you are not running this client on Google Compute Engine, you need a Google Developers service account. To create a service account:

1. Visit the [Google Developers Console][dev-console].
2. Create a new project or click on an existing project.
3. Navigate to  **APIs & auth** > **APIs section** and turn on the following APIs (you may need to enable billing in order to use these services):
  * Google Cloud Natural Language API
4. Navigate to **APIs & auth** >  **Credentials** and then:
  * If you want to use a new service account key, click on **Create credentials** and select **Service account key**. After the account key is created, you will be prompted to download the JSON key file that the library uses to authenticate your requests.
  * If you want to generate a new service account key for an existing service account, click on **Generate new JSON key** and download the JSON key file.

``` js
var projectId = process.env.GCLOUD_PROJECT; // E.g. 'grape-spaceship-123'

var language = require('@google-cloud/language')({
  projectId: projectId,

  // The path to your key file:
  keyFilename: '/path/to/keyfile.json'

  // Or the contents of the key file:
  credentials: require('./path/to/keyfile.json')
});

// ...you're good to go!
```


[google-cloud]: https://github.com/GoogleCloudPlatform/google-cloud-node/
[gce-how-to]: https://cloud.google.com/compute/docs/authentication#using
[dev-console]: https://console.developers.google.com/project
[gcloud-language-docs]: https://googlecloudplatform.github.io/google-cloud-node/#/docs/language
[cloud-language-docs]: https://cloud.google.com/natural-language/docs

Commit message:

prepare READMEs for beta release

packages/language/README.md, after:

# @google-cloud/language ([Alpha][versioning])
> Google Cloud Natural Language Client Library for Node.js

*Looking for more Google APIs than just Natural Language? You might want to check out [`google-cloud`][google-cloud].*

- [API Documentation][gcloud-language-docs]
- [Official Documentation][cloud-language-docs]


```sh
$ npm install --save @google-cloud/language
```
```js
var language = require('@google-cloud/language')({
  projectId: 'grape-spaceship-123',
  keyFilename: '/path/to/keyfile.json'
});

// Get the entities from a sentence.
language.detectEntities('Stephen of Michigan!', function(err, entities) {
  // entities = {
  //   people: ['Stephen'],
  //   places: ['Michigan']
  // }
});

// Create a document if you plan to run multiple detections.
var document = language.document('Contributions welcome!');

// Analyze the sentiment of the document.
document.detectSentiment(function(err, sentiment) {
  // sentiment = 100 // Large numbers represent more positive sentiments.
});

// Parse the syntax of the document.
document.annotate(function(err, annotations) {
  // annotations = {
  //   language: 'en',
  //   sentiment: 100,
  //   entities: {},
  //   sentences: ['Contributions welcome!'],
  //   tokens: [
  //     {
  //       text: 'Contributions',
  //       partOfSpeech: 'Noun (common and proper)',
  //       partOfSpeechTag: 'NOUN'
  //     },
  //     {
  //       text: 'welcome',
  //       partOfSpeech: 'Verb (all tenses and modes)',
  //       partOfSpeechTag: 'VERB'
  //     },
  //     {
  //       text: '!',
  //       partOfSpeech: 'Punctuation',
  //       partOfSpeechTag: 'PUNCT'
  //     }
  //   ]
  // }
});

// Promises are also supported by omitting callbacks.
document.annotate().then(function(data) {
  var annotations = data[0];
});

// It's also possible to integrate with third-party Promise libraries.
var language = require('@google-cloud/language')({
  promise: require('bluebird')
});
```


## Authentication

It's incredibly easy to get authenticated and start using Google's APIs. You can set your credentials on a global basis as well as on a per-API basis. See each individual API section below to see how you can auth on a per-API-basis. This is useful if you want to use different accounts for different Google Cloud services.

### On Google Cloud Platform

If you are running this client on Google Cloud Platform, we handle authentication for you with no configuration. You just need to make sure that when you [set up the GCE instance][gce-how-to], you add the correct scopes for the APIs you want to access.

``` js
var language = require('@google-cloud/language')();
// ...you're good to go!
```

### Elsewhere

If you are not running this client on Google Cloud Platform, you need a Google Developers service account. To create a service account:

1. Visit the [Google Developers Console][dev-console].
2. Create a new project or click on an existing project.
3. Navigate to  **APIs & auth** > **APIs section** and turn on the following APIs (you may need to enable billing in order to use these services):
  * Google Cloud Natural Language API
4. Navigate to **APIs & auth** >  **Credentials** and then:
  * If you want to use a new service account key, click on **Create credentials** and select **Service account key**. After the account key is created, you will be prompted to download the JSON key file that the library uses to authenticate your requests.
  * If you want to generate a new service account key for an existing service account, click on **Generate new JSON key** and download the JSON key file.

``` js
var projectId = process.env.GCLOUD_PROJECT; // E.g. 'grape-spaceship-123'

var language = require('@google-cloud/language')({
  projectId: projectId,

  // The path to your key file:
  keyFilename: '/path/to/keyfile.json'

  // Or the contents of the key file:
  credentials: require('./path/to/keyfile.json')
});

// ...you're good to go!
```


[versioning]: https://github.com/readme.md#versioning
[google-cloud]: https://github.com/GoogleCloudPlatform/google-cloud-node/
[gce-how-to]: https://cloud.google.com/compute/docs/authentication#using
[dev-console]: https://console.developers.google.com/project
[gcloud-language-docs]: https://googlecloudplatform.github.io/google-cloud-node/#/docs/language
[cloud-language-docs]: https://cloud.google.com/natural-language/docs
